Fix/android improvements 1599 (#1624)
getsentry/sentry-unity: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Fixes

> - Add custom callback order for PostGeneratedGradle callback ([#1624](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unity/pull/1624))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Added options to control the order of the SDK's PostGeneratedGradle callback ([#1624](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unity/pull/1624))
```

> 
> - Improve sentry gradle additions logic ([#1624](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unity/pull/1624))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The SDK now has a more robust way of dealing with custom gradle templates ([#1624](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unity/pull/1624))
```
